Peter's Square
[Music]
to be selected we are under attack from
an old enemy find professor London he
exposed one of the greatest cover-ups in
human history
but what terrifying discovery would make
the Vatican turn to him that's
Illuminati the Illuminati were a secret
society dedicated to scientific truth
the Catholic Church ordered a brutal
massacre to silence them forever
they'd come for their revenge
is a hidden trail through Rome itself I
need access to the Vatican archives
access to the archives it's only by
written decree by the Holy Father tell
us you called me this is the first sign
what sort of sign earth air fire water
and the fifth sign may God forgive you
for what you've done father who God has
issues they won't be with what we've
done
they'll be with what we're about to do
our church is at war
this is the first marker the path is
alive
you're talking about the moment of
creation
open the doors and tell the world the
truth
this is it
this is the truth
angels and demons
[Music]